feat(curriculum): add tailwind CTA component workshop to main (#61013)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-tailwind-cta-component/6858f3a67aa8580ff37016c7.md

---
id: 6858f3a67aa8580ff37016c7
title: Step 10
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-10
---

# --description--

> If you adjust the width of the freeCodeCamp built-in browser to the width identical to a mobile device again, you will notice the content is always sitting side-by-side. This is not what you want on mobile devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you adjust the width of the preview tab to the width identical to a mobile device again, you will notice the content is always sitting side-by-side. This is not what you want on mobile devices.
```
